ask lucy will be my backbone agentic ai platform, I want to connect it to the AI urban design platform. I need to add a landing page and authentication design created by readdy.ai so that first the visitor can get idea about the AI urban platform and how it works then when it wants to try it either he can login or create new account then he can access ask lucy main page. I am not sure if we need to rebrand ask lucy and merge it with the new AI urban design platform or keep them as two separate web applications.
I wnat the main page after login to use minimum UI/UX elements meaning for eample, the menues and tool bars should start as circle with an icon, when the user click the icon the circle expands to be a rectangle with fully rounded sides and the rest of icons pops up (I am providing sample codes in links), also the chat bot window will start collapsed to the left only the icon to drag it is display with the analyzer displayed as a vertical wave form, and also the push to talk button and the continous taking button, if the use expands the window the vertical analyzer disappear and the chat messages appear with the rest of the buttons (I will provide a sample image for the collapsed/expanded chat window). Most of the settings of the chat window like selecting the current LLM engine, the chat history, etc. should be moved to user settings drop down menu in a new item called chat configuration under the settings. The viewer will be acting like the autodesk aps viewer to display 2d/3d items and GIS/google 2d/3d maps. For that the viewer should support floating panels, so I can create a new panel for each response need to be renderd from the AI agent and displayed over the rendered model. The voice analyzed (sphere) should now be moved to a floating panel to make the viewer clear to receive the actual models to be rendered. You can optimize the design coming from readdy.ai (https://readdy.ai/project/dda773a0-c1ff-4ec2-988a-03bcc60f32ef) using the UI/UX pro max and integrate the current design with it if you will merge ask lucy and the AI urban design AI in one interface.

